Pigiron OSC

For the purpose of OSC communication Pigiron functions as a server.
Applications sending OSC messages to Pigiron are the clients.   Important
values for the server and client are established at startup by the
configuration file and can not be changed.

The command line REPL and batch file processing constitutes an additional
internal client.

When the server receives an OSC message, it is dispatched to a handler
function for that specific message.  The result of the handler is then sent
back to -all- clients.

There are two general responses:

   1. ACK (acknowledge)  - the message was handled without error.
   2. ERROR

Both ACK and ERROR responses include a list of strings.  The first element
of the list is the OSC address of the original message.  The remaining
elements for an ACK response are any requested values.  It is up to the
client to convert numeric and Boolean values from strings to the
appropriate types.  For an ERROR response the remaining values are the error
message.


If the configuration value OSCClientFilename is a non-empty string, the
contents of the OSC response is sent to that file.   The file is
overwritten with each received message.   This file allows clients which 
transmit, but not receive, OSC messages to check the response to a
message.   Sending the responses to this temp file is in parallel to
transmitting the OSC response.


By default the server's OSC addresses have the prefix /pig.  The default
client prefix is /pig-client.   The message /pig/ping is a diagnostic used
to test communication between the client and server.   The following
sequence of events should occur when the client transmits /pig/ping.


1. client sends OSC message /pig/ping
2. server responds with the OSC message /pig-client/ACK,  /pig/ping
3. server writes similar content to the temp response file.
4. server sends a response to the internal client and it prints it to the
   terminal.

An identical sequence of events occurs when the original message comes from
the command line or a batch file.   The only difference is that for
internal messages the '/pig' prefix is automatically added, the prefix
should not be included when manually entering commands are in a batch
file.

If a received message produces an error, the same sequence of responses
occurs except the ACK message is replaced with ERROR.
